[AUDIO LOGO]
>> So now we'll go
into the Solar Trinity,
death of Osiris
and birth of Horus.
And how many of you
know this story?
OK, the shorthand
version of it-- because I
don't have a lot of
time to get into this.
But basically, Set kills
Osiris, his brother.
And one of the story-- there's
many, many stories of this.
But one of the
stories that I like
is he learned that Osiris and
Nephthys had sex, creating
Anubis, the god of the dead.
So Osiris and Nephthys
conceive Anubis
on the summer solstice
nine months to birth
at spring solstice.
And I'm just saying
this out loud
because I'll get into it
later, but Scorpius rises
in the east around
summer solstice
then rises to its highest
declination around mid-July.
Set rules heaven after
the death of Osiris.
OK, so Set disposes his
body into the waters,
scattering his cut-up
remains around Egypt.
Isis and Nephthys mourn
and search for the remains.
Isis's tears fill
the Nile with water.
The Nile is inundated during
that time of the winter
solstice.
So all these stories
are related to what is
happening on earth at the time.
And cutting the body
of Osiris in 14 pieces,
well, it's an allegory of
the phases of the moon.
After a full moon is
illuminated by the sun,
it takes 14 days until
darkness Set kills the moon.
Isis then gathers the
14 pieces and restores
the body back into
full moon glory, which
takes an additional 14 days.
The rise and fall of Orion--
and this is a great picture.
This is actually
Ophiuchus standing on--
Ophiuchus is the
serpent bearer standing
on top of the scorpion, which
I'll get into a little later.
But Osiris, Sah, is also known
as the constellation Orion, who
rules the underworld during the
winter months of the night sky.
And the brightest star is
Rigel, which is a blue star.
All right, so now we're
getting into colors.
Horus is the
constellation Ophiuchus
who rules the upper world
after defeating Set,
rising during the summer
months in the night sky.
And Antares, which is in
Scorpio, is the red star.
OK, so you have a red
star and a blue star.
Think about politics, red, blue,
life, death, Bloods, Crips.
Like these are very
ancient symbolisms in use
because it comes from the stars.
Now, this is a great story.
Orion, the great hunter,
seeks to hunt and kill
all the animals on earth.
This is a very ancient story.
OK, this goes back thousands
and thousands of years.
In a desperate
attempt to stop Orion
from harming life on earth, the
goddess Gaia seeks out to help--
seeks out the help
of a deadly scorpion.
The scorpion takes
on the challenge
and sets out on his journey to
hunt the great hunter Orion.
When Orion is finally found,
the scorpion stings Orion.
And his poisonous tail kills
him, thus saving life on earth.
This is really important stuff.
In gratitude, Gaia
immortalizes the scorpion
as the constellation Scorpius.
Scorpius is placed directly
opposite Orion in the night sky,
eternally chasing Orion
through the heavens.
Aesculapius don't-- I know
I have a bad pronunciation
of these words--
the god of medicine and also the
asterism of the constellation
Ophiuchus, goes against god's
wishes and takes it upon himself
to heal Orion with the
magical medicine he learned
from the serpent, the
constellation Serpens,
resurrecting Orion back to life.
This scene is also
immortalized in the stars
as the constellation
Ophiuchus stands directly
on top of the scorpion
in the night sky,
protecting and saving
Orion from the deadly sting
of the scorpion.
Aesculapius also carries
the symbol of the caduceus.
So the caduceus of healing
comes from this constellation
Ophiuchus, which is the
magical staff of medicine,
the serpent coiled,
rising up the staff.
And we also have
the same imagery
in polar themes relating
to being saved by poison.
Now, I just want you to think
about this because I know,
like, Graham Hancock
and all these people
talk about something coming
to earth, hitting the earth,
and killing everything, and then
rebuilding from this, right?
Ancient civilization ended.
And now we're starting--
and we don't remember.
But we do remember.
This is the story of the
death of our planet, OK?
Because think about this.
Orion is the great
hunter, is shooting
the bows and arrows, right?
The Orionids meteor shower
happens between October 7,
peaking around October 21.
The sun enters Scorpio
October 23 to November 21,
signaling the end of
the meteor shower.
So think about it.
You're an ancient person.
You look up into the sky at this
time and see Orion in the sky.
And the night sky is
filled with meteor showers.
They look like arrows
being shot from space.
And then when the
scorpion comes in the sky,
the constellation Scorpio--
it ends.
The earth is saved again.
Is this making sense?
So in one time in history,
our ancient people
looked up in the sky at Orion
and saw all these meteors
falling down to earth.
And one of those meteors,
like, hit the planet.
And that is recorded in these
myths of this astrotheology.
But no one is-- no one's
put this together yet.
It's right there for us to see.
So Horus, the savior motif--
so here's Horus.
And it's a very
interesting image.
Now, this is called
Horus the Savior.
The reason this is
called Horus the Savior
is that this was a very popular
theme in New Kingdom in Egypt.
And they would make this image.
There's thousands
of these images.
And they would put them in
the houses of the Egyptians
because they said, if you
were stung by a scorpion,
or if you were bitten
by a poisonous snake,
all you had to do was
look up at this image,
and it would cure you of
the poison, all right?
That was the whole idea of this.
That was the magic of this.
But if you know astrology,
this is also the same image
of the serpent bearer.
You could see Horus
is standing there
with two snakes in his hands.
And so you can see this
is Ophiuchus and Serpens.
Serpens is the serpent that
wraps around Ophiuchus.
And that is Horus.
It's an asterism of Horus.
But there's so much
more to this image.
In his hands, he's holding an
oryx, scorpion, and a lion.
And he's standing
on crocodiles, OK?
This is exactly the same as
the four beasts, the four
angels of the
cardinal directions
that we see in the Bible.
It's the same animals.
So if you put the geometry
over the image, 23.5 geometry,
it goes right through the hands.
And it's actually showing you
Scorpius, Taurus, Aquarius, Leo,
Ophiuchus, and the pole star.
So this is a map of the heavens.
Just as Jesus was the
map of the heavens,
Horus was the map of
the heavens before him.
This is what we're looking at.
You can see the
cardinal directions.
You have Taurus, the bull.
Directly under him is Scorpio.
You have Leo on the other side.
And directly across is Aquarius,
the boy, the naked boy,
Aquarius, Horus.
It creates the
cross of the Zodiac.
Everything is symbolism.
So let's take a
closer look at Horus.
He has this-- he has this
braided thing around his head
you see on all the children.
What is this?
Well, it tells you what it is.
The back of your
head is that of--
I don't know how
to pronounce that.
Your braid is that
of the scorpion.
And if you look
closely at the brain,
it has these three
stingers on it.
And if you look at Scorpio,
it has the three stingers,
these three lines.
They're telling you that this is
the sun moving through Scorpius
is the boy, Horus.
And so if you look
at this design,
and if you put the 23.5
degree angle-- like I said,
that's the secret code is
the 23.5 degree angle--
it creates the motif
of Horus, but it's also
the same exact motif used
on Ishtar, exactly the same.
If you look at Ishtar,
and you just look at her,
and then if you trace
Ishtar, every single line
is 23.5 degrees.
So it wasn't just somebody
doodling a picture.
They were encoding
a message that
was only taught to those
that were initiated into it.
So only priests, those who
understood what they were doing,
put this in here.
So I'm showing you something
that's like 4,000 or 5,000 years
old.
They knew the tilt of the
earth already back then.
But if you go to
the history books,
they tell you that
this was discovered
maybe a thousand years ago.
So I'm already disproving
history right here very easily.
They made it so easy
to disprove history.
Now, here is the double-headed
snake from Kom Ombo in Egypt.
And you can see the
double-headed snake.
It's a very popular motif.
And if you draw a
line from the center,
it goes through the
hands at 23.5 degrees.
The two serpents, the two
snakes looking in the center
is the division of the equinox.
And on each side, each snake
represents the solstice.
It's exactly the same
in Babylon, all right?
So these cultures are
hiding the same thing.
Oh, look, this is a
solar deity from the gate
of the sun in Bolivia,
goes exactly the same,
goes through the
hands at 23.5 degrees.
Now, I'm just doing
a side by side here.
I'm showing you how
accurate this is.
Here's Bolivia.
Here's Egypt.
It's the exact same geometry
to create this image.
It's unanimous like exactly
23.5 degrees exactly.
If it was 24 degrees, 22
degrees, it wouldn't work.
It was exactly 23.5 degrees.
So how are cultures from
two sides of the planet
thousands of years ago--
drew the same art?
I know it looks different,
but it's not different.
It's identical in the
way that it's built.
We have solar
deity, Sego Canyon,
got the two serpents there.
This is from Siberia, 2,000
years old, same thing.
You have the guy that's
faceless like the sun.
He's got the two serpents.
And in fact, that's
not even a face.
That's the horizon, a mound.
And the positions of
the sun you're seeing--
that's not a face.
And that's at 23.5 degrees.
And you can see
those, like, circles.
Under him, the
circle and the dot--
that's solar symbolism.
That's very well-known
solar symbolism.
And the Kukulkan
pyramid in Mexico where
the shadow of the serpent--
again, the serpent goes down
the pyramid at the equinox.
All these cultures are telling
you the exact same thing,
different cultures
spanned out thousands
of years, thousands of
miles, but telling you
exactly the same thing.
In fact, here's the
Mayan Kan the fourth day,
comes from the word Kukulkan,
the feathered serpent
associated with
fertility, abundance,
the serpent, growing
grains, and the harvest.
What is that symbol?
It's the two mounds of
creation with the sun
in the middle of it.
OK, it's the exact
same symbolism
we find on the opposite
side of the world.
So this is the rediscovering
of the solar code.
I'm just warming up, by the way.
I just have to get
you into it, OK?
I'm just warming up.
Are you following along so far?
>> Yeah.
>> OK, thank you.
Rediscovering the solar code--
OK, so this is where things
like popped off for me.
This is where I was like, I
need to write a book on this.
So this is from the tomb of
in the Valley of the Kings,
on the wall of the tomb
of Pharaoh Twosret.
And it shows in the
same body Horus and Set,
which is very strange to
have them in the same body.
And they're holding
the arms, and they're
standing on a double sphinx.
Well, if you put the
lines through their hands,
again, it gives you
this 23.5 degree angle,
and it separates them.
So this is the secret of
the pyramids, by the way.
If you stand at the Sphinx,
and you're looking at the sun,
the pyramids become a
calendar of the year.
So behind Khafre, the sun
will set behind Khafre,
and it will have an
illusion of the sun standing
on the back of the
Sphinx on the equinox.
So the sun stands--
the sun stands on the back
of the Sphinx on the equinox.
OK?
And then in the winter solstice,
it sets behind Menkaure.
Summer solstice-- it sets
between the two mounds, OK?
Right in between the two
pyramids in the summer
solstices, the sun sets
between the two mounds.
And this is-- the
equinox reveals one
of the secrets of the Sphinx.
So you can see at the
equinox, sun sits or stands
on the back of the Sphinx.
And most people don't know
this, but the Great Pyramid
is not four sided.
It's eight sided.
But it's only off by 1 degree.
So it's very difficult to see.
You know when you can see it?
During the equinox.
During the equinox, one
face would be a shadow.
One face will be light.
One face is Horus.
One face is Set, the
light and the dark.
This is all symbolism.
Standing on the back of the
sphinx, which is actually
the children of Horus, the
four children of Horus,
are the four sphinxes.
And this is the four children
of Horus from the "Book
of the Dead."
It talks about how two
of the sons are the legs.
And so winter and autumn.
And two of the sons of
Horus are the arms, which
is spring and summer solstice.
So we can see that this image
is showing us a timestamp.
It's showing us that
these are the legs
of the children of Horus.
And that is the
time of the year.
It is the fall, equinox
going into winter equinox.
This is what this
image is showing us.
This is the equinox
moving to winter.
That is what that symbol is.
And this is the
original symbol of that.
If you can see, it's
not very good quality,
but you can see Horus
and Set standing
on the back of
the double sphinx.
And on the left,
you have a deity--
four deities pulling
a rope, right?
I couldn't fit this in.
But on the opposite side is also
four deities pulling a rope.
They're pulling the
sun across the heavens.
That's what it is.
They're pulling the suns
through the heavens.
It's the same thing from an
ancient Babylonian tablet.
You have the solar disk, and
it's being held up by this rope.
See the rope in the
center and the solar disk?
Here's Shamash from Babylon.
There is the solar
disk of Shamash.
Look above.
There's these two
guys holding ropes,
and they're pulling
the solar disk,
OK, so ropes pulling the sun.
Just for fun, I just
want to show you, OK?
See his rod?
See the ropes?
See the pillar?
23.5 degrees, OK?
He's the God Shamash.
He's the sun, the sun.
It's the sun.
And they're showing you-- and
you even see that it goes up.
See the three symbols
next above Shamash?
He's showing you what
time of year it is.
This is like a calendar.
So here's the sun.
And you have the three serpents.
It's the rope.
He's being pulled
through the heavens.
The sun is being pulled
Again, everything is
aligned to 23.5 degrees.
In India, there's Samudra
Manthana, the churning
of the great ocean.
It's the same imagery.
It's this-- they're
pulling the snake.
They're pulling the solar
deity across the heavens.
Churning the great milk ocean--
I wonder what that really
means, so Milky Way.
So these cultures
knew about this,
but they wrote about
it in their myths
and made pictures, symbolism
to describe what is happening
on earth and in heavens.
So again, this is another
image from the tomb,
and it shows Horus, and Set,
and the three serpents just
like in India.
It's the pulling of the
serpents through time.
And again, so it's
like the path of Set
going into winter
solstice, path of Horus
going into summer solstice.
And this is what it looks like.
It's the stepping up.
The sun in the horizon goes
from winter solstice, equinox
to summer solstice.
It's these three steps.
Again, this is symbolism,
the three steps of the sun,
three steps of the sun.
And this is a
famous brick pattern
all through Peru and
South America, Mexico.
And I took this off
a pyramid in Nazca.
And I just wanted to measure
it, and all the steps
were 23.5 degrees.
That's how they
made those steps.
OK, so now I'm rediscovering
the solar ratio.
So this is-- we've learned about
the solar angles or the earth
angles at 22.5 degrees.
Now, I'm going to get
into the solar ratios.
Now, it's going
to get really fun.
So like I showed you, this is
the 23.5 degrees, the earth.
And this is what it looks like.
So this is the path of the sun.
This is actually
over Palm Springs.
And so this is the sun at noon
at the winter solstice, OK?
The sun moves to the
center at the equinox.
And at summer solstice, it's at
the highest point in the sky.
So it's these three steps.
See the three steps?
And that's Shamash or Marduk.
It's the three steps of
the sun, all symbolism.
Even in petroglyphs in Utah--
now, you have these three suns.
And I typed in the latitude,
and I got the path of the sun
at this location.
And then I overlaid it
right on the petroglyph,
and it actually lined
up 100% accurately.
So they were actually
marking the sun's position
in the petroglyphs.
And you can see the
different petroglyphs
for the different
times of the year.
So that's what the sun looks
like in winter solstice.
That's what the sun
looks like in equinox.
And that's the petroglyph
to mean summer solstice.
And a gentleman
brought me an artifact
to show me at contact
in the desert.
This is without-- he
doesn't even know how old.
He was guessing 2,000, 3,000
years old artifact found
in Florida, OK?
So there's native American
artifact found in Florida.
Look at the symbol
on it, all right?
You have the sun
symbol just like this.
This is the sun symbol
would be the equinox.
And then look what
you have here.
You have a 23.5 degree line and
a 45 degree line, all right?
On the back of it is
even more interesting.
It's the constellation Vela.
Why is the constellation
Vela so interesting?
Is because Vela is actually part
of the constellation Argo, which
is the mythical ship of Jason--
not me, the other Jason--
and the Argonauts, who sailed
to retrieve the Golden Fleece.
And Vela is most visible
during March, spring equinox.
So they're literally putting
petroglyphs on a stone
with the constellation
to show you
that the sun will be in equinox
when Vela is in the sky.
OK?
All right, now, we're going
to jump back to Egypt.
I love this image.
This is from the "Book
of the Dead" as well.
And this is Mau, which is
a version of Ra the sun
cutting the serpent Apophis.
Because Mau is protecting
the tree of life,
he doesn't want
the serpent to eat
the apples on the tree of life.
Where have we heard that
story before, right?
I'll just describe
this, all right?
So Mau is cutting
the serpent, right?
Mau is cutting the serpent.
If you look into
the sky, the sun
cuts the Milky Way in
a couple places as it
travels the year, all right?
It's cutting the serpent.
It's cutting the Milky
Way as it passes through.
You see how Mau is standing
on the head of the serpent?
The lion is standing on
the head of the serpent.
If you go to the constellations
and you zoom in on Leo,
Leo also stands on top
of Hydra, the snake.
They're showing you what's in
heaven and what's on earth.
My question is, if they
knew this in Egypt,
how did they know this
in Ohio Serpent Mound?
It's exactly the same thing.
The sun is cutting through.
The serpent is the same
symbolism, the same story.
So the sun will
set at these ridges
of the curves of the serpent--
of serpent mound.
Also in Ontario,
there's a serpent mound,
and the sun cuts
through that as well.
And just for fun,
I took a picture
of the lake near this in Ontario
because I'm from Ontario.
And I was taking pictures of
the sun bouncing off the lake.
And check it out.
It looks like a serpent, right?
The sun is literally
walking on water.
[AUDIO LOGO]